Prepare 4.15.2 (#1889)
getsentry/sentry-php: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 4.15.2

The Sentry SDK team is happy to announce the immediate availability of Sentry PHP SDK v4.15.2.

### Bug Fixes

> - Ensure handle only processes records permitted by their log level. [(#1888)](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-php/pull/1888)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure the Monolog handler only processes records permitted by their log level. [(#1888)](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-php/pull/1888)
```
